like never before Cristiano Ronaldo's
talent is being put under the microscope
so far his body strength mental ability
and technique have been nice acted
but there's one aspect of Renaldo's game
still to test his breathtaking skill
while a Cristiano Ronaldo's biggest
strengths is how quickly is able to move
his feet the laboratory has been
reconfigured as a 25 meter course with a
finish at the far end the challenge is
for Ronaldo to run with the ball from
one end to the other but lined up
against him is a team of weapons trained
snipers armed with the laser sighted
guns they will try to shoot the ball the
course is divided into three sections
and as Ronaldo makes it from one section
to the next the number of snipers
increases Lionel Tess sniper's alley
this is how it's gonna work when they
hit the ball it will make this noise
you're gonna hear that okay when they
miss you'll hear this I fully expect you
to make it from the beginning to the end
without a sniper getting you okay okay
let's give it a go
to get through the course without the
laces getting a lock on the reflective
ball is an incredibly tough challenge
Ronaldo will have to perform skills not
just at speed but in ways that the
snipers can't predict will he be able to
dance his way through the beams okay we
now know the politest three two one
section one keep it keep it keep it keep
it keep it
good good good keep going keep going
courage good I hit ain't going go go go
go go stop
keep back you guys yes you guys keep
good good good good now section to go
get back you guys kids good good good
good section three good good good
I finish high quality how hard is that
difficult difficult ah one shot one only
one got you then one one rabbit one
rabbit tremendous what's the hardest
thing is just not standing still
yes most of the times I dribbling I go
forward but here you have to stay here
round which is more difficult it's a lot
more difficult and I think there's more
easy for them usually you'd move a lot
quicker yeah that's our way no it's just
for I give you opportunity to them to to
give a shot you being fair playing it
fair yeah perfect
so how did he manage to get through the
course virtually unscathed when
Christiana was doing the test with the
snipers see a lot of very good very
impressive close work with the ball lot
of skills on shore
he manages to combine a Cruyff turn with
R all in the outside of his foot over
the top of the ball swiveling background
then drops his center of gravity knocks
the ball from his feet and accelerates
away leaving his opponent for dead
if we watch something such as the
step-over we see that the timing of the
step-over occurs at just the right time
to make the opponent think that he's
going to move one way before offering
them the signal to move the other but
the key is that fast foot movement lots
of little touches and keeping the ball
moving
it was really amazing to see that he
managed to perform so well in a
situation that he wouldn't necessarily
have been in ever before but he could
still keep control keep his beliefs nice
and positive there will have been no
thoughts of failure no thoughts of what
happens if I lose control that just
wouldn't even enter his head at all it's
complete belief in what he's going to do
remaining positive the whole time some
people dance over the ball but it don't
move the ball he moved the ball a dance
over the ball it's difficult for the
opponents to stop them the ball is like
a rabbit is impossible to shoot the ball
amazing Ronaldo how you planned the test
today from you to fantastic day to see
all all my body works we do the tests
what we did think it's amazing so it's
great for me thank you for the
opportunity I try to improve much much
well there's not much more you can
improve it's been a great day test thank
you very much thank you good man
Cristiano Ronaldo's footwork is perhaps
the most influential factor in his rise
to become one of the most successful
goal scoring machines in history but
today's tests have revealed how his body
plays a crucial role in his
effectiveness on the pitch one of the
most impressive things about him was his
strength and his power I think this is
what sets him apart alongside that high
high level of skill he has and something
in other players find it very very hard
to replicate his body strength
contributes significantly in all areas
of his performance but his technique
enables him to generate maximum power
it's the mental strength that he shows
to be able to perform in front of huge
crowds and a massive amounts of pressure
but also the decision-making processes
that he has to make constantly while
he's on the pit we often forget how big
an athlete Ronaldo is and we often
forget where this guy delivers between
50 and 65 games per season and that's in
an offensive position as a striker
that's absolutely exceptional and some
players can do it in training but cannot
deliver it in the big games Ronaldo can
and that's why goes in the category of
the great players walk is Ronaldo the
edge over so many other players is that
he's strong in every single aspect of
his game and that's the secret to his
winning performance my strength is to do
it the right things to eat good sleep
well to training well and to improve
myself in football I do it all those
things to focus for the football